chore: migrate instructions to learn (#45568)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/11-machine-learning-with-python/machine-learning-with-python-projects/rock-paper-scissors.md

  'sum': [axis1, axis2, flattened]
}
```

If a list containing less than 9 elements is passed into the function, it should raise a `ValueError` exception with the message: "List must contain nine numbers." The values in the returned dictionary should be lists and not Numpy arrays.

For example, `calculate([0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8])` should return:

```py
{
  'mean': [[3.0, 4.0, 5.0], [1.0, 4.0, 7.0], 4.0], 
  'variance': [[6.0, 6.0, 6.0], [0.6666666666666666, 0.6666666666666666, 0.6666666666666666], 6.666666666666667], 
  'standard deviation': [[2.449489742783178, 2.449489742783178, 2.449489742783178], [0.816496580927726, 0.816496580927726, 0.816496580927726], 2.581988897471611],
  'max': [[6, 7, 8], [2, 5, 8], 8],
  'min': [[0, 1, 2], [0, 3, 6], 0],
  'sum': [[9, 12, 15], [3, 12, 21], 36]
}
```

The unit tests for this project are in `test_module.py`.

## Development

For development, you can use `main.py` to test your `calculate()` function. Click the "run" button and `main.py` will run.

## Testing 

We imported the tests from `test_module.py` to `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button.

## Submitting

> Copy your project's URL and submit it to freeCodeCamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy your project's URL and submit it below.
```
